update readme and contributing.md (#63843)
pytorch/pytorch: CONTRIBUTING.md

    Could not find .../pytorch/third_party/pybind11/CMakeLists.txt
    ```
    remove any `submodule.*` settings in your local git config (`.git/config` of your pytorch repo) and try again.

> * There's a [Best Practices](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/wiki/Best-Practices-to-Edit-and-Compile-Pytorch-Source-Code-On-Windows) for Windows contributor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you're a Windows contributor, please check out [Best Practices](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/wiki/Best-Practices-to-Edit-and-Compile-Pytorch-Source-Code-On-Windows).
```
To follow the same pattern in our previous bullets.
